before the ball of the player fábio santos stole the ball inside the area passed
by the marker and go home
one of them stayed in the stands know that he received from the fable saints
entered the left half passed by the defender to reverse the score with the goal to
seven minutes of the first time explosion of a book
the team is starting to build another victory in the championship
Brazilian
in the other game abc
after hearing about the glass again
today for the guild to be gabriel himself scored bobeira and touched for
kléberson deviated
is ingo florida
thirty-three and a half minutes
precious cross kleberson just played into the goal Flemish tied the
match in the Olympian played advanced is the bad for the goal 1 to 1 a taster
the wholesale are now nine minutes into the court and scored raised match
ol
there it is
als
couture that head and the completion of games that to heal itself
goal scoring the goal of the team
just minutes from the complementary stage
because I was a cop
I do not play for flamengo
the spokesperson
she says it was from andré lima that left the games have author of the goal with
cup of italy score the goal of the dragon go to church
raise squeeze step used to score shot
it's imperative b
7 to the minute here on the deadline everything said of the danger that represents that player
veteran but high technique he gave an extraordinary half-moon victory
following a solo raid down the middle, leaving the keeper deflected off the crossbar,
for the group 2 also for the Flemish